1. Who is George Washington?

correct: 'George Washington' (February 22, 1732 – , 1799) was an American political
leader, military general, statesman, and Founding Father who also served as the
first president of the United States from 1789 to 1797.

2. Who is Louis Armstrong?
Incorrect: Just says his name and when he was born and died.
'Louis Daniel Armstrong' (August 4, 1901 – July 6, 1971), nicknamed
'Satchmo',For "satchel-mouth".
Should have been: Louis Armstrong was an American trumpeter, 

3. Who wrote The Three Muskateers?

incorrect: 'The Three Musketeers' ( ) is a historical adventure novel written in 1844 by
French author Alexandre Dumas.Situated between 1625 and 1628, it recounts the adventures of a young man named
d'Artagnan (based on Charles de Batz-Castelmore d'Artagnan) after he leaves home
to travel to Paris, to join the Musketeers of the Guard.

SHould have been: Written by Alexnadre Dumas. 


4. Who wrote In Cold Blood?
Correct: When Capote learned of the quadruple murder, before the killers were captured,
he decided to travel to Kansas and write about the crime.

5. Who is Tony Bennett?
Correct: Anthony Dominick Benedetto' (born August 3, 1926), known professionally as
'Tony Bennett', is an American singer of traditional pop standards, big band,
show tunes, and jazz.


6. Where is Central Park:
correct: Central Park' is an urban park in Manhattan, New York City.

7. Where is the Great Barrier Reed
incorrect: The 'Great Barrier Reef' is the world's largest coral reef system composed of
over 2,900 individual reefsThe Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area, which is
348,000&nbsp;km squared, has 2900 reefs.

SHoulve have been: The Great Barrier reef is in the Pacific Ocean of off Australia. 


8. Where is Lake Bled?
incorrect: .

Should have been: Lake Bled is a lake in the Julian Alps of the Upper Carniolan region
of northwestern Slovenia.

9. Where is Great Blue Hole?
correct: The 'Great Blue Hole' is a giant marine sinkhole off the coast of Belize.

10. Where is Ohio?
correct: 'Ohio' is a Midwestern state in the Great Lakes region of the United States.

11. When did JFK die?
correct: JFK died on November 22, 1963.

12, When is St. Patrick's Day?
correct: St. Patrick's Day  is on  17 March.

13. When is Festivus?
correct: Festivus  is on December 23.

14. When is Christmas?
incorrect: not found
Sould have been: Christmas is on December 25th. 

15. When was Claude Monet born?
incorrect: not found
Should have been: Claude Monet was born on 14th of Novemeber. 

16. What is a tissue?
incorrect: 'Tissue' may refer to:
* Tissue (biology), an ensemble of similar cells that together carry out a
  specific function
* Tissue paper, a type of thin, translucent paper used for wrapping and
  cushioning items ** Facial tissue, a type of thin, soft, disposable paper used
  for nose-blowing.

Should have been:  a type of thin, translucent paper used for wrapping and
  cushioning items

17. What is the nucleus?
incorrect: 'Nucleus' (pl: nuclei) is a Latin word for the seed inside a fruit.

Should have been: The nucleus is an organelle found in eukaryotic cells.


18. What is computer science?
correct: 'Computer science' is the study of processes that interact with data and that
can be represented as data in the form of programs.

19. What is just?

incorrect: 'Just' may refer to:.

Should have been: Just is what is morally right. 

20. What is The Constitution?
incorrect: A 'constitution' is an aggregate of fundamental principles or established
precedents that constitute the legal basis of a polity, organisation or other
type of entity, and commonly determine how that entity is to be governed.

Should have been: The Constitution is the supreme law of the United States. 

